BINANCE VERSE
WHITEPAPER
INTRODUCTION
Binance Verse (BNBverse) is a social, educational and entertainment metaverse project
which is a decentralized virtual reality platform on the blockchain—featuring many
interactive aspects such as digital land ownership, creating events and gaming.
We believe that virtual reality is the first step in a grand adventure into the landscape of the
imagination. Once upon a time, these digital worlds were just a dream of science fiction. But
now, with the right technologies, opportunities, and innovative contributions, we can
experience those dreams in waking consciousness.
With the rise of GameFi (Game finance), which combines decentralized finance (Defi) and
Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs) with play-to-earn blockchain-based online gaming, a
community-driven metaverse (BNBverse) has been created by the people, for the people.
Within Binance Verse, users can have their own digital living space and other NFT assets to
express and share their interests, life, work, personality, and passions with others in an
innovative way.
WHAT MAKES US UNIQUE
Whereas most metaverse projects are created randomly and may deviate a great deal from
reality, Binance Verse will boost contemporary modern design while utilizing urban spaces
inspired by present-day architecture and photo-realistic panoramic renderings. This will
allow users to create and walk freely within their dream homes giving them a sense of
familiarity.
Cities will have many different functions and will be organized in blocks. This will allow for a
highly interactive and engaging environment for users making Binance Verse a strong,
creative and robust brand.
Incorporating things like academies, art galleries, and institutions within our world, will
ensure that people can continuously develop themselves while learning, getting
entertained, earning and much more.
OUR VISION
Binance Verse will allow users to work, meet, play and socialize together in 3D spaces. We
aim to become one of the best channels for brands to approach Millennials and Z
generations. Binance Verse will be the buzzword of 2022.
UNDERSTANDING BINANCE VERSE WITH A REAL WORLD EXAMPLE
We understand that COVID-19 pandemic has significantly changed the situation worldwide.
Like, the shopping malls have temporarily shut down, organizations have adopted remote
working models and people have isolated themselves from huge gatherings and meet-ups
and other events.
However, we all miss those in-person interactions, unique office environments and
gatherings. Imagine you are thinking about your friends. Suddenly, you call them to meet-up
and they arrive in few minutes. This is possible with Binance Verse.
You just need a pair of spectacles to virtually augment the real-world things around you.
Although Binance Verse’s world is not real, it is close to reality. It is supported to get even
more exciting and real with technological advancements. For Instance, users will soon touch
and feel the virtual objects through one-of-its-kind haptic gloves. It is wearable glove with
sensors to create a realistic sense of touch for users.
OUR GOAL
1. Entertainment with Monetization
By creating districts that correspond to the BNBverse Token platforms and other products
promoted by the Binance Verse Ecosystem, we hope to spark further interest in the Binance
Verse community. We want to bring entertainment, financial incentives and opportunities
for all the current and future holders in one modern virtual captivating environment. We
believe that this will allow the community to further express themselves and their interests,
life, work, personality, and passions through ownership of their very own digital living
spaces and other assets.
2. Educate young generation
Blockchain offers a unique opportunity in the playing field for those who wouldn’t have
these opportunities before. Now we see teenagers playing blockchain games and financially
supporting their parents in less wealthy parts of the world. We want to further increase
those chances by educating younger generations in a fun and interactive way. We will guide
youngsters on how to be more financially secure while continuously develop themselves in
areas such as designing and language coding, to ensure they make the most of the
blockchain world.
3. Marketing campaigns
Binance Verse will promote marketing activities for brands transferring real world
experience to the virtual world. Just like H&M held a fashion show in the metaverse with
avatars created even live at the event. We will also advise brands on legal, technological
and financial implications of marketing on our platform.
4. Create MILEs (Massive interactive live events)
We aim to create MILEs which are virtual events that use a single stimulation to bring
together a large number of users who interact and influence an event or game in real time.
BINANCE VERSE ARCHITECHTURAL PLAN
Ground Zero (GZ) will be the focal point of Binance Verse, the most prestigious area of
Binance City which is the Capital of Binance Verse, situated by the bay. Other districts of
Binance Verse will represent native platforms and products of the Binance Token
Ecosystem. Districts such as the Binancereum will boost impressive skyscrapers, and other
districts will each have their own unique purpose, design, and atmosphere.
Ground Zero (GZ) is the judicial or legislative place for first investors which is modelled and
inspired by Coastal European cities. The area will be surrounded by woodlands and hills, and
each 2-3 story apartment will be placed on a hill to ensure a beautiful view of the bay. The
opposite side will have views of the Binancereum Business District skyscrapers. ‘GZ’ will be
made up of other small public spaces, plenty of greenery, parks, and streets to ensure
enough fresh air and things to discover within the natural surroundings. Simultaneous
designs of apartments, houses, facades and the overall city will co-relate these detailed
aspects of architecture, which will realize our beautiful photo-realistic virtual metaverse.
‘GZ’ will only have 300 private and 30 commercial real estates, making it an essential and
exclusive place to reside.
USE CASE / UTILITY OF BNB TOKEN
BNBverse token is a BEP-20 token which will be used across Binance Verse:
- As the currency of Binance Verse
- To purchase virtual property to live, shop, travel, socialize and work
- To participate in the game and earn rewards
- Incentives in the form of ‘BNBverse’ tokens for the purchase of NFTs
TECHNOLOGY POWERING BINANCE VERSE
1. 3D RECONSTRUCTION
It facilitates the creation of a natural environment where the users can navigate through
using their avatars to check out the replica of physical buildings and objects. To further
intensify the experience of users, Binance Verse combined 3D with 4K HD technology.
2. ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
AI has enabled the creation of immersive virtual space and is adding value to Binance
Verse in many following ways:
- It analyses 3D scans and images to generate more realistic avatars and align with the
real participant
- For Binance Verse play2earn game, AI empowers non-player characters in different
instances, improving their actions and way of interaction.
- AI is also crucial to make the entire Binance Verse more dynamic so that user
experience is enchanting every time they enter the space
3. AUGMENTED REALITY (AR) AND VIRTUAL REALITY (VR)
AR & VR are crucial to Binance Verse as it gives users an engaging and immersive
experience. These two technologies are entry points to our virtual world.
- AR utilizes visual elements and graphical characters to morph the real world. ARbased applications allow users to view their surroundings through attractive digital
visuals close to what we enjoy in games like AR Dragon and Pokemon GO. Anyone
with a digital device and a smart camera can access AR applications.
- VR differs much from AR, creates a complete computer-generated digital world that
users can explore using VR headsets, gloves, and digital sensors.
4. INTERNET OF THINGS (IOT)
IOT is a system which bridges the gap between our physical world and the internet,
enabling sending or receiving data through sensors. For Binance Verse, the internet of
things collects from the physical world and renders it to virtual space, which increases
the accuracy of digital representations. IOT data feeds can determine the functioning of
objects within the Binance Verse based on the changing environment and other
instances.
COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE
Binance Verse will become more and more community- driven, and eventually, more voting
power will be given to the Binance community. It will be good to have ‘BNBverse’ in your
wallet prior to any DAO (decentralised autonomous organisation) rights being implemented.
TOKENOMICS
Name: Binance Verse
Symbol: BNBverse
Contract address: 0xC01031Ba3155738203600d6A6e135c3170900A49
Blockchain: BSC Scan
Total Supply: 165,116,760.89 tokens
TOKEN DISTRIBUTION
Binance Verse is a community-based project, and for that reason, 100% supply will be
dedicated to the community for public sale. There is no presale, venture capital-raising, or
seed investors before launch. There is also no team wallet. All the investors, including dev’s
have to buy their tokens.
‘BNBverse’ will have a fair launch on a centralized exchange.
5% of supply will unlock at launch.
Remaining tokens will be released gradually over the year 2027 to avoid price suppression
and protect early holders.
20% of total supply is reserved for:
● Airdrop for ‘BNBverse’ ecosystem users
● Game prizes
● Staking rewards for ‘BNBverse’ staker
ROADMAP
Q1, 2022
• Concept and Idea development
• Launching of Binance Verse prototype
• Launch of NFTs of brands and celebrities
• Listing on Centralized Exchange
• Resgistration on Coinmarketcap & Coingecko
Q2, 2022
• Alliance with brands for advertisements in BNBverse
• Selling workspace & living space for users
• Launch of customise avatars for users
• Adding liquidity on Pancakeswap
Q3, 2022
• Play2earn game release
• Game launching on iOS / Android
• Listing on more centralised exchanges
• Introducing Massive interactive live events
